feat: Adding BaseService::updateServicesCache. Adds ablity to update Services Cache at runtime. (#8896)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/concepts/services.rst

.. literalinclude:: services/012.php

.. note:: If multiple Services files have the same method name, the first one found will be the instance returned.

> There may be times when you need to have Service Discovery refresh it's cache after the inital autoload proccess. This can be done by running :php:meth:`Config\\Services::updateServicesCache()`.
> This will force the service discovery to re-scan the directories for any new services files.

Reviewer: How about this?

```suggestion
Updating Services Cache
=======================

.. versionadded:: 4.6.0

When Services is first called fairly early in the framework initialization process,
the Services classes discovered by auto-discovery is cached in a property.

If modules are dynamically loaded later, this cache must be updated.

This can be done by running ``Config\Services::updateServicesCache()``. This will
force the service discovery to re-scan the directories for any new Services files.
```
